what is up YouTube my name is MOA 19
Brione pokemon X&Y narrative Wi-Fi bow
this ballast coming it's a good friend
of mine John origins and looking at his
team I gotta worry about stuff like his
a dual core their of Mandy buzz and
Landers looks like laners will probably
be his defensive wall and Mandy buzz
will be his specially defensive wall
also man if he I've always just had
issues with man of famous hell this is
actually a little bit annoying too I
feel like you know just we know what the
balance of this team and all that I feel
like his charizard is going to mega into
X and I'm just ready to get into the
battle so he's gonna lay off with this
mind I am going to go with my sis or and
um right off the bat I just didn't think
he would actually end up going for the
high jump kick I thought that he may be
just go for our fake out which is why I
went for the u-turn because that were
the u-turn himself which is why would
force Mario nutrients that way I would
end up getting the switch advantage but
that doesn't happen so I end up going to
my gengar now and i am not going to
really do anything at all to this manny
bus so i'm pretty much forced switching
to something else what I'm going to do
though is I'm going to end up bring in
my Charizard and that is simply because
I can't take you know as much knockoff
damage and obviously I don't lose my
item here because I have a mega stone so
now I'm going to go for that mega
evolution I'm going to go for a pretty
powerful fire blast and you know
hopefully it does a pretty good amount
of damage that's you know what I'm
hoping what he actually you know is kind
of annoying here because he's able to go
for like roost and fire blasts and stuff
like that and you know which just you
know not pretty he's able to go for a
roost every time I go for a fire blast
but it looks like you know it might take
one more fire bless if I can hit just to
be able to knock him out and I shouldn't
you know have to worry about Mandy blows
anymore because that's really looks like
all he's doing maybe he's just you know
try to wear my peepee down or something
but he's going to end up dying next term
because Fire Blast was just doing a tad
more then ruse was recovering which was
pretty nice and he's actually not going
to go into his own mega charizard and
it's going to be mega Charizard X he's
going to go for that mega evolution I'm
going to go for the air / here on and I
actually get a flinch unfortunately for
him and then
gonna go for another one being able to
knock them out and now what he's going
to do is he's going to end up bring in
his manaphy which obviously scares me
out especially just because it's manaphy
and its really bulky and it you know can
just hit back really hard so I'm gonna
go to my Brie loom now he actually ends
up going for an ice beam which is not
gonna work out very well for me at all I
lose my breelan and now what I'm going
to do is I actually go back into shorter
that way I get the Sun up and maybe I
can go for a solar beam and see how much
it does um you know I really could have
gone and too tentacruel I guess but I
just didn't feel like don't get much
done with him I didn't want him setting
up and unfortunately I lose the speed
tie there which is you know not great so
I'm gonna go for a sludge bomb now
hopefully I get the poison and indeed I
do which is very nice now what's going
to happen is that it's pretty much it's
gonna be a little little bit of stall if
he decides to stay in here that's pretty
much all that's going to happen he's
gonna go for some grass nuts and you
know that's not going to be too terrible
um but I'm able to go for a couple of
sludge problems you know retaliate like
I said and not have to worry about him
too much so what I do just figuring that
he's gonna keep on going for grass nuts
I'm just gonna go straight into gengar
you know I should be able to take those
you know pretty well I mean just try and
retaliate you know with couple so long
shadow balls really whatever I want to
go for so by the way I have mentioned
it's pretty much every time but this
gengar was this gang are i bred on my
own stuff like that i think it's like
for visa so they haven't actually made
one and like I said it's very hard to
for me for whatever reason I cannot get
stuff over to probe you make very easily
at all I don't know why stuff from
pokegen doesn't necessarily work for me
so I'm gonna stop all that but i mean
i'll talk about that later and all that
but that's why Gengar has sludge bomb I
just haven't changed it was from a long
time ago and stuff like that so now get
rid of man feet and then he is going to
go into his Landorus I'm gonna go to
Michael I score um because this really
thing really can't do anything to me at
all huh so what he could do is he could
just you know switch out you turn go
into his mind show which is actually
what it's going to do yeah this thing
has HP ice it's a little scary um
hopefully not too bad actually end up
going for the knockoff unfortunately I
kind of wish I went for the earthquake
there but I just didn't really know want
to risk it although I probably should
because again later is t really going to
do anything to me at all and then I
could have knocked him out there I
wouldn't well I wouldn't necessarily
have to worry about HP eyes so I kind of
wish I had that move back but in the
long run I'm able to get rid of mine
show now what he's going to do is he
actually is going to try and knock me
out go for you turning stuff like that
and you'll see that obviously here in a
second when he tries to go for that and
this thing is still poison you know
which is pretty nice so hopefully that
you know hopes that a little bit um I
don't get protect i know why i never
give a secret I don't know that's like
impossible now next time what I think
it's the same percentage you knowing
bike and white 2 unless I'm mistaken but
I've never gotten the second protecting
next to Y before as far as you know from
my knowledge and all that so yeah
anyways uh basically i lose my Gliscor
here unfortunately and I'm not just
going to go in at integral because it's
you know my other wall and he ends up
bringing his landris again and I go for
sludge ball that was not a good play at
all I should just gone straight for the
skull I guess I just wanted that extra
damage but still not a very smart play
right there and I don't think I would
have knocked him out with the skull but
you know again it still would have done
a lot more damage i just didn't let that
happen so now he's going to go for that
earthquake i'm going to unfortunately
died we're going to do now is I could
either bring in my gangor or my sister
but the problem is scizor is that rocks
are up I never got those spinned away
and now pretty much scissor can't do
anything at all which is proportionate
and as heliolisk is going to be a
problem so my only chance is that like I
had somehow as heliolisk is not scarf I
go into scissor just so that way you
know I can get an extra turn of poison
damage and then you know I guess him
with a shadow ball and honestly I'm
locked in so it really can't do anything
about that at all um kind of i guess
imploded on myself at the end there
because you know i could have made some
better place here and there um you know
maybe just going for the Skull there
maybe I want to have to necessarily go
for a shadow ball there could be gone
for such pump stuff like that
nonetheless healing list was still gonna
out speed and he is able to go for
thunder
there um but oh well what can you do
about it was a good game I did enjoy and
John did a very good job and make sure
to go check out his channel my name is
mo vaughn 19 and hopefully all you guys
enjoyed this video make sure to leave a
like if you do if you like ting li
favorite and if you wanna go see more
content make sure you leave the
subscription and bye bye